this is the genus sponsored by bc powder
so fasten your seatbelts and screw your
waves on tight kappa gesture bear paw
yeah i'm bout the flow again my shit up
at the record store so go ahead and go
with the Intel a friend and don't be
afraid about it brought a couple homies
would be named get work done the dust to
run with us you must boss cussing fuss
Nana Wow have now damn you gots to break
it down cuz da kedo got the best smoking
tan is be seeing the Gareeb nigga this
is good weed nigga no sticks no seeds
liquor you know smooth placed a nigga
with the bomb we bringing in them Gators
all but she's not a lot just by the
smell nigga rola el nigga burning to you
have bait like Chappelle nigga how high
can one get like Brett and meth till you
had the West burning on that couch we
keep the fire can leave Italy gangsters
right feels so good like me if I smoke
don't you know we'd keeps the fire kelly
philly gangsters right feels so good
like 85 smoking me and my nigga smoke
don't dog taking on a roll bar stuff it
in the wood scraps if freeway in your
place right smoking in your face back
bring it to you hood gone in our dream
to the ball just to get me a sack it's
the dog with the bigger boss smoke in
front of the law hell in front of the
White House of what I saw smoke in a
more whisper pushing those ashes right
pastor don't get your face crusted
Mustang body stuffed in the trash basket
toss for you best i'm from brooklyn for
more eh ah stay home what are you
stressed got him down down never rush a
couple of months then i wrote the number
one of will smoke in the sky don't you
know we keep the fire can they fiddly
gangsters right feel so good like if I
smoking no don't
no we keep stuff I can literally pseudo
I can't stop it no come on still my
homies in the house know what I'm
howling about you get put on the set
ain't no walking about a trip we should
i skip school every day oh here that
back gate is my smooth get away my
homies firm down windup will ease you
down the rider what what's up hot office
unlocked I need some heat homie running
tail I'm looking for my brother got some
dulling y'all niggas better watch out
super flies the most anticipated talk
about nigga babe it's got fucking up
your whole rest with the coaster got the
bitches shut up they just come in right
to the left imma shine when it comes
down to it if it calls for that shit
super smuggler the whole town on
something else with my bad self hot seat
game with codons to breath don't you
know we keep the fire Kelly Billy
gangsters right feel so good like it if
I smoking don't you
no we keeps the fire Kelly fiddly
gangsters right feels so good like it if
I smoking on that know what to do can't
forget yeah yummy